What are the advantages and disadvantages of Selenium?
Difference between:
	-close() and quit()
	-findElement() and findElements()
	-click() and submit()
	-Webpage Screenshot and WebElement Screenshot
	-implicit Wait and explicit wait.
	-Select Class and Action Class.
Briefly explain Selenium Webdriver Architecture.
What is Synchronization in Selenium?
In synchronization what are the different waits u are aware Of?
Do you know how to handle Dropdowns?
What are the possible ways to click on the button?
How do you scroll the webpage and why It is required?
What do you know about testNG?
What are the annotations of testNG you are aware of?
Give me an Example for the following in the selenium library w.r.t Java:
	- method Overloading
	- constructor overloading
	- Compile time polymorphism.
	- Multiple Inheritance
	- MultiLevel Inheritance
	- Hierarchical Inheritance
	- Difference between Abstract Class and Interface
What are the types of Frameworks you are aware of could you plz explain the same?
Explain the WebElement Architecture and its possibilities in terms of which we are using.
Do you how to optimise the search criteria for findElement on the webpage?
Could you plz explain:
	How to perform parallel Execution, Batch Execution, Group Execution, and Distributed Parallel Execution.
What is a Suite file in TestNG?
What is a testNG Class?
What are the different types of Popups you are aware of?
Do you know how to handle the popups?
What is Action Class in Selenium? What are the applications of it?
What do you know about drop downs could u plz explain the same?
What do you know about Data driven testing?
Do you know how to read the data from the property file and Excel sheet?
Explain to me how do u automate a test case into a test script.
Why do we need a framework?
What are the automation standards you are aware of?
what are the post conditions which you use in the automation script?
What are the Java coding standards?
How to launch the browser.
what is WebDriver driver = new ChromeDriver();
What are the browsers supported by the Selenium tool?
What are the test case design techniques u are aware of it?
What u felt is more challenging in automation while automating a script?
Why Software Testing?
What makes u become an automation engineer?